Community Governance (#143)
gatsby-uc/plugins: CONTRIBUTING.md

Welcome! Submit a PR, answer questions, join the [Discord](https://discord.gg/gwnqfzetjv).

> We have a monthly community meeting that is listed in the Discord](https://discord.gg/gwnqfzetjv) server under events. The meeting is handled there in a voice channel. Anyone is welcome to come, listen, and join the conversation. The meeting is usually held on the last Tuesday of the month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a monthly community meeting that is listed in the [Discord](https://discord.gg/gwnqfzetjv) server under events. The meeting is handled there in a voice channel. Anyone is welcome to come, listen, and join the conversation. The meeting is usually held on the last Tuesday of the month.
```

### To build or not to build

> Not all packages NEED to be run through Babel. Any project with a non-insignificant amount of code should most likely be transpiled for compatability reasons. `babel-preset-gatsby-package` makes this easy but this does add a slight bit of maintenance over head. Here is the minimal config for transpiling that a package will need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Not all packages **need** to be run through Babel. Any project with a non-insignificant amount of code should most likely be transpiled for compatability reasons. `babel-preset-gatsby-package` makes this easy but this does add a slight bit of maintenance overhead. Here is the minimal config for transpiling that a package will need.
```

Capslock is not great on screenreaders 👂
